external storage url in tidb cloud (#21058) (#21249)
pingcap/docs: external-storage-uri.md

    - `endpoint`: Specifies the URL of custom endpoint for S3-compatible services (for example, `<https://s3.example.com/>`).
    - `force-path-style`: Use path style access rather than virtual hosted style access (defaults to `true`).
    - `storage-class`: Specifies the storage class of the uploaded objects (for example, `STANDARD` or `STANDARD_IA`).
    - `sse`: Specifies the server-side encryption algorithm used to encrypt the uploaded objects (value options: empty, `AES256`, or `aws:kms`).
    - `sse-kms-key-id`: Specifies the KMS ID if `sse` is set to `aws:kms`.
    - `acl`: Specifies the canned ACL of the uploaded objects (for example, `private` or `authenticated-read`).
    - `role-arn`: To allow TiDB Cloud to access Amazon S3 data using a specific [IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles.html), provide the role's [Amazon Resource Name (ARN)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html) in the `role-arn` URL query parameter. For example: `arn:aws:iam::888888888888:role/my-role`.

        > **Note:**
        >

>         > - To automatically create an IAM role, navigate to the **Import Data from Amazon S3** page of your cluster in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), fill in the **Folder URI** field, click **Click here to create new one with AWS CloudFormation** under the **Role ARN** field, and then follow the on-screen instructions in the **Add New Role ARN** dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > - To automatically create an IAM role, navigate to the **Import Data from Amazon S3** page of your cluster in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/signup?provider_source=alicloud), fill in the **Folder URI** field, click **Click here to create new one with AWS CloudFormation** under the **Role ARN** field, and then follow the on-screen instructions in the **Add New Role ARN** dialog.
```

        > - If you have any trouble creating the IAM role using AWS CloudFormation, click **click Having trouble? Create Role ARN manually** in the **Add New Role ARN** dialog to get the TiDB Cloud Account ID and TiDB Cloud External ID, and then follow the steps in [Configure Amazon S3 access using a Role ARN](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-amazon-s3-access-using-a-role-arn) to create the role manually. When configuring the IAM role, make sure to enter the TiDB Cloud account ID in the **Account ID** field and select **Require external ID** to protect against [confused deputy attacks](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/confused-deputy.html).
        > - To enhance security, you can reduce the valid duration of the IAM role by configuring a shorter **Max session duration**. For more information, see [Update the maximum session duration for a role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_update-role-settings.html#id_roles_update-session-duration) in AWS documentation.

>     - `external-id`: Specifies the TiDB Cloud External ID, which is required for TiDB Cloud to access Amazon S3 data. You can obtain this ID from the **Add New Role ARN** dialog in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/). For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access using a Role ARN](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-amazon-s3-access-using-a-role-arn).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `external-id`: Specifies the TiDB Cloud External ID, which is required for TiDB Cloud to access Amazon S3 data. You can obtain this ID from the **Add New Role ARN** dialog in the [TiDB Cloud console](https://console.tidb.io/signup?provider_source=alicloud). For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access using a Role ARN](/tidb-cloud/serverless-external-storage.md#configure-amazon-s3-access-using-a-role-arn).
```

> The following is an example of an Amazon S3 URI for [`BACKUP`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-backup.md) and [`RESTORE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-restore.md). This example uses the file path `testfolder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of an Amazon S3 URI for [`IMPORT INTO`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md). In this example, you need to specify a specific filename `test.csv`.
```

```shell

> s3://external/testfolder?access-key=${access-key}&secret-access-key=${secret-access-key}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
s3://external/test.csv?access-key=${access-key}&secret-access-key=${secret-access-key}
```
